# Wedding-Photobooths-Ideas
Wedding photo booths add a fun, whimsical touch to your big day.  They are part and parcel of a great atmosphere and help to create stunning images in an effortless way. Make your wedding reception unforgettable with ATA Photobooths! Capture the intimate, hilarious and unexpected moments of your event with our stylish photo booths. If you are looking for some wedding photography booth ideas? Check out our list of 12 best photo booth ideas for weddings photoshoots and wedding receptions.    Classic Photo Booth DIY Curtain Photo Booth Hanging Props From Trees  Stand-Up Board Faux Framed Wall Polaroid Frame Themed Photo Booth Scenery  Retro Van Photo Booth  DIY iPad Selfie Station  Instant Camera &amp; Guest Book Wedding Hashtag Instax Share SP-2 Printer  Why you should have a photobooth at your wedding?  They bring such a different kind of photography to a wedding or event, serving as both an additional way to capture the day and as entertainment for your guests. And nowadays, a good photo booth with excellent equipment can produce fantastic photos.  ATA Photobooths provide automated Photobooth services. The booths are open styled and decorated in sync with your wedding theme. We are here to provide super fun experiences for you and your guests. Hiring a Photo Booth for a party or wedding or any kind of celebration is guaranteed to bring fun and laughter to your event and memories that will last forever.    We offer different types of Photo Booths Packages. We are here to provide Your wedding is the greatest party you’ll ever host and we are here to help you capture memories you’ll cherish for years to come. Making sure your wedding guests look good is our priority. With our delightful selection of props for your Wedding Photobooth, your guests are bound to have a memorable day packed with fun and laughter. 
